c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\BackBoneTestApp.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\BackBoneTestApp.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\obj\Debug\BackBoneTestApp.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\obj\Debug\BackBoneTestApp.pdb
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\BackBoneTestApp.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\BackBoneTestApp.pdb
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\obj\Debug\BackBoneTestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\obj\Debug\BackBoneTestApp.dll
D:\Work\Perfectial\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\obj\Debug\BackBoneTestApp.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BackBoneTestApp\BackBoneTestApp\obj\Debug\BackBoneTestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
